{"bookId":"1","description":"This book is one of the most influential and valuable works in the Java field, written by Java technical experts with more than 20 years of teaching and research experience (awarded the Jolt Award), with the name Java Programming Ideas, more than 10 years of worldwide best-selling, well-received. The 10th edition is fully updated according to JavaSE8, and the shortcomings in version 9 are corrected, and the system fully explains the core concepts, syntax, important features and development methods of Java language, including a large number of cases, practical."}
{"bookId":"2","description":"Programmers must read classics! Understand the computer system bibliography, a common choice of 100,000 programmers. The second edition of sales exceeded 100,000 copies, the third edition of the heavy market!"}
{"bookId":"3","description":"Master masterpieces across twenty years, firmly in any recommendation book single three A"}
{"bookId":"4","description":"Bean petal 9.7 high score recommended! The daughter of travel French translator Mei Zihan, Mei Si-Fu French translation, Shu Lang Dakai, Professor Zhongmei high-precision restoration of the original illustration. For the first time, the world's stage plays, concerts, films, cartoons and other wonderful interpretation of Little Prince, familiar with the masterpieces of the past and present life."}
{"bookId":"5","description":"Java must-read classics, hall-level writings! Won wide acclaim from programmers around the world."}
{"bookId":"6","description":"Blizzard official history compiled over two decades! The three-volume World of Warcraft Chronicles will present a large number of beautiful original paintings and illustrations that have never been published, and readers will be able to enjoy a visual feast in addition to reading the story, which is the preferred choice for The Warcraft fan collection."}
{"bookId":"7","description":"Liu Cixin, Asia's first Hugo Award award-winning works!"}
{"bookId":"8","description":"Les Miserables is a novel written by Hugo during his exile, a masterpiece of his representative work and one of the treasures of the world's literary treasures. Through the tragic experience of Jean-Jean and others and a series of moving deeds after the incarnation of Bishop Valjean, Les Miserables deeply exposed and criticized the decadent nature and evil phenomena of the feudal dictatorship in 19th century, and expressed sympathy and sympathy for the exploitation, fraud and cruel persecution suffered by the poor people under the pressure of feudalism."}
{"bookId":"9","description":"Also translated as animal estate, is the cold conscience of a generation George Orwell classic irony. Although this absurd animal revolution went astray, it was in this way that we understood the importance of putting power in the cage of the system."}
{"bookId":"10","description":"Defeat AlphaGo's Wulin Cheats and the only way to win the man-machine battle The Great Book of Artificial Intelligence's Daniel Zhou Zhihua, which fully uncovers the mysteries of machine learning."}
{"bookId":"11","description":"Lewis Foundation exclusive license illustration! Translated by Wu Yan, Chen Liangting, Liu Wenlan classic translation!"}
{"bookId":"12","description":"The Nobel Prize-winning works The Old Man and the Sea and The Snow of Kilimanjaro deeply influenced the creative ideas of Marquez, Salinger and other writers."}
{"bookId":"13","description":"If you like The Grocery Store, be sure to read this book. Treasured prints. With what you want to protect, life becomes powerful. Sad life, the fate of a lot of holes, the occurrence of a tragedy and redemption, read awe-struck."}
{"bookId":"14","description":"Seven stories of light-seeking, seven adventures of life, to grow up alone on your way, everyone's life has the same desperate moment trapped in the well, and this book wants to do light up the night that light. Be patient and keep believing that we will eventually cross the long night to reach our own dawn."}
{"bookId":"15","description":"The U.S. government doesn't want the world to read this book, and the author was sued by the U.S. Department of Justice on the day of the U.S. and European listings! Prismgate star Edward Snowden has revealed for the first time the truth about the U.S. government's misuse of NSA systems to monitor the world, revealing the journey from patriot to traitor."}
{"bookId":"16","description":"Peng Wei, deputy chief designer of the Chang e 5 detector system, recommends in good faith! To commemorate the 50th anniversary of the human moon landing, the five subtle three-dimensional organs visualize the moon's orbit, all-round disclosure of the process of human lunar exploration, popularize basic space knowledge, with children to interpret the mysteries of the moon, sow the seeds of exploration of the universe."}
